### Top security issues on mobile:
1. physical security
	1. someone can stole/borrow mobile phone and stole data, install malware etc.
	2. secure data storage on disk is important, even the phone is stolen, data shouldn't be available to unauthorized ones as well as accessible to some apps for the phone to function properly
2. weak password
	1. it is easy to set strong passwords on pc, laptop, but in mobile phone the keyboard id small and typing characters, number each time is hard
3. multiple user support
	1. there is no such thing as having multiple accounts on 1 mobile device, so if the device is used for multiple purposes, data from one application to another is accessible.
4. Browsing
	1. there is not much space on mobile, so, URLs are not fully viewed, which can help the attacker for phishing
5. application isolation
	1. mobile phones mostly used for phone calls but also for applications. they need some access to data to operate properly, but they should be properly isolated also for security
6. information disclosure
7. malware
	1. virus, worm, trojans, spyware etc.
8. patching/update
	1. it is technically difficult to update mobile phones
	2. carriers slow things down, they need time to securely update and test everything, but as it results lack of user satisfaction, they might delay updates.
9. SSL
	1. old phones didn't have the power to support SSL. even if they had, they didn't want to slow down user experience. some new phones have SSL but old versions are still used widely which puts your data at risk
10. phishing
	1. full URL is not shown
11. CSRF
	1. mobile users are most likely to click on things on web apps, which might make them send requests to crafted malicious websites to change their account info and account takeover without users knowledge
12. Location Privacy
	1. people can share their location, or even if they don't mobile phone's location can somehow be detected which is a security issue
13. drivers
	1. Bluetooth, video drivers are weak points and need full security control. 
14. multifactor authentication
	1. on local apps, device can detect identity and authenticate, but web apps cannot do it, so they either create a device signature and check if it matches each time or they send your number/email confirmation code for MFA


### Tips
1. require use of TLS/SSL and enable confidentiality and integrity protections
2. secure coding
3. input validation
4. leverage the permissions model
	1. The permission system works well for the base device, but not for external storage like SD cards which uses FAT model (not secure).
5. use least privilege model
6. store sensitive information properly
	1. don't store them with clear-text, encrypt it
7. signing application
	1. when app needs to access critic parts it needs right signature
8. Figure Out a Secure and Strong Update Process
9. Use Secure Mobile URLs
	1. applications now have pages that is supported by mobile phones (cisco.com)
	2. but they name them suspicious, so a user cannot identify if it is legitimate or not such as
		1. cisco.mobi
		2. cisco.mobilevendor
	3. instead they should have a one standard for this such as 
		1. m.cisco.com